#WRT54GL
####July 2015 - I've been playing with a new WRT54GL router for about a month and wanted to go back and make a list of the configuration lessons learned I've tracked down.  My primary references are this [book](http://www.amazon.com/Linksys-WRT54G-Ultimate-Hacking-Asadoorian/dp/1597491667/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1436045407&sr=1-1&keywords=wrt54g), and the OpenWrt [website](openwrt.org).  My examples are applicable with Mac OS X on the development machine.

##The basics
1. **Logging in** - The first thing I had to do was configure my computer to log into  the Linksys router.  The default IP on the router is 192.168.1.1. so I had to give my computer a manual IP on the same subnet. I chose 192.168.1.54.  In the systems preferences panel I selected to use "DHCP with manual IP".  With that completed just plug into any LAN port on the router and load the router address in a browser to get to the web interface.
2. **Wireless while connected directly** - Next I wanted to be able to browse the web while I'm working on this so I enabled my wifi card on my host Mac-Mini to link into the home wireless network.  The problem came up that whenever I was connected to both the WRT via ethernet and the wifi network I couldn't get web traffic to route to the wifi.  So again, open up network preferences and in the bottom left hit the little gear.  In there you can "Set Service Order.."  By dragging the wifi interface higher in the list it pushed traffic toward that interface first.
3. **Upgrading to third party firmware** - 
4. **Reverting back to original firmware** - 

##Brick on Day 1
1. For complete truth I screwed up my router the first day I played around with it. Then I got off the reservation and started messing around with the way the router was configured to my home network...at which point I managed to shut down the wireless and DHCP server and erased it's self-assigned IP. So I could not communicate with the router anymore. **THUS...I BRICKED IT ON THE FIRST DAY!**
2. So without the ability to communicate with my new router via any available interface I went to bed pissed off and woke up early to ponder the problem over a fresh cup of coffee.  My solution was to find a way to connect to the serial console provided on the PCB inside the router so I could directly control the linux processor.  